CS 35L Spring 2016 Tanya Al-Rehani Lab Week 1
1. man -K [filename]
2. which cp :	/bin/cp
   which wc : /usr/bin/wc
3. Use "find /usr/bin -name '?' -executable" to get the answer. w and X are the
two executables that come up. X is the X Window System; w is an executable that
shows who is logged on and what they are doing.
4. Using the command readlink /usr/bins/emacs, we get
/etc/alternatives/emacs. Repeating this process, we find /usr/bin/emacs-23.1 as
the file that is actually run. This shows multiple symbolic links that act as
back ups for the program.
5. Look in the man page for chmod. g+s sets the group ID for execution
permission, meaning that anyone running the process has access to files of the
owner's group, but not the owner themself. o-x removes permission to run the
file for everyone that is not the owner nor in the group.
6. find / -mtime 21 (found in the man page for find).
7. find / -mtime 21 -type d (type d for directory filetypes).
8. find is in the /usr/bin directory as shown by the whereis command. The
command find . -type l | wc -l will search for all the symbolic links in the
directory and wc -l will print the number of lines AKA the numer of programs
found that are symbolic links AKA 354 lines.
9. First, navigate to /usr/lib, then enter ls -t -l -F. This will print all the
items in order of modification date with all their info and will append
characters to identify what kind of file they are. I found libsoftokn3.chk which
is the earliest regular file and libgamin-1.so.0.10 which is the earliest
executable regular file.
10. The locale command gets data from LC_*environment variables, as shown in its
manual page. 
11. Buffer-menu-sort, Buffer-menu-sort-by-column, ibuffer-invert-sorting,
ibuffer-toggle-sorting-mode, rmail-sort-by-author, rmail-sort-by-correspondent,
rmail-sort-by-date, rmail-sort-by-labels, rmail-sort-by-lines,
rmail-sort-by-recipient, rmail-sort-by-subject, sort-columns, sort-fields,
sort-lines, sort-numeric-fields, sort-pages, sort-paragraphs, sort-regexp-fields
(as found by using C-h a).
12. C-M-a moves the cursor to the beginning of the current or preceding
defun. C-M-b moves backward over a balanced expression. C-M-c exits a recursive
edit. C-M-d moves forward down one level of parantheses. C-M-e moves the cursor
to the end of the current or following
defun. C-M-f moves forward over a balanced expression. C-M-g is the original
keyboard quit command that gets truncated to C-g. C-M-h marks the whole current
or following defun.
13. C-g quits a partially typed or still running command. 
14. yank pastes the most recently killed text or block of text at the current
cursor location in the current buffer.
15. The Emacs dired command can list subdirectories whereas ls -l just lists the
directories with their information.
